Welcome back.
In this section of the course we are going to take a deeper dive into both firebase as well as advanced
redux concepts.
Now I've structured the next two sections in such a way where we do the firebase first where we add
more firebase functionality and utility into our application before we tackle the advanced redux topics
because we need the appropriate environment to see the kind of problems that these advanced redux solutions
will solve.
In particular what we're going to solve in redux will be handling a synchronous actions and asynchronous
events using redux as you know right now.
Most of our actions pretty much just update the reduced reduces in a very synchronous manner.
There is no a synchronous activity in our redux action creators at all nor do we use it to handle anything
a synchronous we call them in a very synchronous way but this will change especially inside larger scale
applications where the common practice is to use redux to handle a synchronous activity inside of our
application but before we actually do that we need to set up our application to utilize more of a database
to get its items.
Now of course right now we do use Firebase authentication to handle the storage of our user and we get
it from a back end in a very asynchronous manner.
But we can actually use it to also store our collection items that we use to get the shop items.
Now if you remember right now we store it in our front end underneath the shop data J.S. file and this
is fine for us because it has no real impact on our performance and it's really just a practice application
where this is probably never going to update in a real world setting however this will sit on a database
because there's a chance that multiple platforms will utilize this data so you can imagine if we had
a mobile application as well as our web application that would both need to reference the shop items
and those items would hallways have to be up to date on both platforms.
So keeping it on a database makes sure that the information that we get guarding what items to display
is always consistent and from one single source.
Otherwise if we were to keep this data on the front end and on the mobile application for example it
would be hard for us to guarantee that both data sets are the exact same because we would have to update
it on our front end.
Updated on our mobile whereas if we were to keep this all in one place in a database of some kind and
then just fetch from it from our respective applications then we can be sure that such data is pure
and exactly the same.
Now in order for us to do this we will have to 1 put this information actually on our firebase fire
store database but also set up our application in such a way that we would fetch from that database
whenever the respective correct components need that data and that will be way more akin to what a final
application actually looks like.
But in order for us to do so we need to get better at understanding how to use fire bases firestorm.
So what we'll do is we will take a quick refresher on how we've already used fire store and dive deeper
into what we've already done as well as understand what the fire store library does for us so before
we begin let's take a look at what kind of objects we can get back from fire store.